====Don't leave behind
* bottle
* cushions
* charger + adaper
* $ books
* clear folder
* dental + salt water kit
* $ passport + wallet
* $ phone + cable
* organizer tray + tight-lid box
* pencils
* jacket

====in-flight ranking burn/rot #no guilt
coding drill -- highest satisfaction, self-esteem, sense of achievement. Regadless how many books I carry-on, spending more time coding is still better. The laser focus on coding is valuable and precious. I get 3->10-20 hours of it in month. In contrast, those books retain their freshness for a long time. I carry them only as fallback. 
Note when my internal absorbency is enhanced for coding, I would also feel higher aborbency for tech books. In such a situation Alwas favor coding as it requires much higher absorbency.
c++
java perf
eff j
local blogging on laptop -- feeling good about the laptop, sometimes new insight discovered, which might be consider progress, output, productive..
blogging with pencil+printout 
..The rest are fallback options.. no guilt if carried but not read. Not rotting! All are more "productive" than movies
magazine, 
newspaper -- discard if too heavy

====binge
In most flights, binge is technical impossible thanks to rationing. However sometimes I could get unlimited ice cream, etc.

#1 croissant -- more calorie dense than the others
#2 oily biscuits and chips -- tasty? Not even close to ice cream but often more calorie dense !! therefore a lousy deal so need to be absolutely conscious and aware
#3 shelled, salted nuts -- always always less tasty than my own, so stay alert and don't mindlessly consume. Just refuse when offered
* ice cream -- luckly no-buffet so at most I ate 3 times, up to 1000 cal
* chocolate -- buffet style in CX, but luckly I don't have the habit of eating big chunks
* wine -- luckly not addictive. I think one cup is fine. Two is not worthwhile since it doesn't satisfy any craving

====set-up upon boarding # best practices
* Cash -- as explained elsewhere, need to keep on the body at all times
* passport + wallet -- can put in one holder and dump in the spinner or backpack
* laptop -- put below seat or in compartment for each access
* water bottle to encourage hydration
* charger, adapter, cable, spare bat can put togehter, into 2 "groups". The less used among them can leave in spinner.
* cushions -- below seat or in compartment
* jacket + cap -- leave in backpack ... easier to retrieve when cold
* salt water + dental kit -- seat pocket
* avoiding too much transfering and creating mental load
* avoid opening the zipped spinner. Always a hassle. Take out stuff in advance, in advance, in advance!
* pencils x 3

====movies
Flight to NY is more stressful, so consider movies. No guilt. Consider Einstein and grandpa. I want to be kind to myself as I am to my kids.

If can sleep then no need for movie.

* Favor Jap, Chinese. In the emotional genres, western movies never touched me except [[ForrestGump]], [[CuriousCase]].
 * The most touching movies tend to be love, family…
* Favor adaptations of books
 * favor award winners (except special effects award) — minimum quality standard
 * avoid action or crime genres.
 * avoid superheros or scifi genres
 * avoid period drama
 * avoid romantic comedies .. too light-hearted, not serious enough.

